okay this is my Honda snowblower HS 55
again I purchased this in 1989 right now
it's 2011 so we're talking about you
know 22 years snow blower it has the
electric start and the pole start the
electric starting just to hook up
extension cord to it and that's how it
powers the starter or you can pull start
it with the manual will start first
thing to do the start is turn the key to
the on position one thing you always do
with Honda's most any of any other gas
engine when you're not using it
run it out of gas on your last use and
turn the fuel off all Honda's have a
fuel shutoff so turn the fuel on and
then turn the choke on full it's real
simple to start he's in the on position
it just sorta button not long
after every week
that's the way you should shut down
these machines if they're ever used and
then for the season that's it leave the
fuel line off with that leave the key in
the off position and you're ready to go
to the next time it's that simple
this machine has started this easy for
the past 23 years and still has no
problem moving a lot of snow in the
heaviest that's the Honda HS 55